Migration guide for #91 (#111)
haskell/core-libraries-committee: guides/bifunctor-superclass.md

   ```diff
   + {-# LANGUAGE DeriveFunctor #-}
   
     data MyType a b = MyLeft a | MyRight b
   -   deriving (Show, Eq)
   +   deriving (Show, Eq, Functor)

     instance Bifunctor MyType where
       first f _ (MyLeft a) = MyLeft (f a)
       first _ _ x          = x
       
   -   second _ f (MyRight b) = MyRight (f b)
   -   second _ _ x          = x
   +   second = fmap
   ```

   Example changes:

   - [Add `Functor (TreeNode v)` instance in hgeometry-combinatorial](https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/head.hackage/-/blob/8fa2a74d736914a28d1fefbba21cd5325eefe63a/patches/hgeometry-combinatorial-0.14.patch#L140)

   - [Add `Functor (These a)` instance in aura](https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/head.hackage/-/blob/8fa2a74d736914a28d1fefbba21cd5325eefe63a/patches/aura-3.2.9.patch#L44)

   - [Add `Functor (SPForest r)` instance in ForestStructures moving the definition of second](https://github.com/choener/ForestStructures/pull/2/files)

# PR template

> Here is a template for (1), which you can use when raising PRs against affected libraries.

Reviewer: I should have asked before merging ;) but what is (1) here?

   ```diff
   + {-# LANGUAGE DeriveFunctor #-}
   
     data MyType a b = MyLeft a | MyRight b
   -   deriving (Show, Eq)
   +   deriving (Show, Eq, Functor)

     instance Bifunctor MyType where
       first f _ (MyLeft a) = MyLeft (f a)
       first _ _ x          = x
       
   -   second _ f (MyRight b) = MyRight (f b)
   -   second _ _ x          = x
   +   second = fmap
   ```

   Example changes:

   - [Add `Functor (TreeNode v)` instance in hgeometry-combinatorial](https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/head.hackage/-/blob/8fa2a74d736914a28d1fefbba21cd5325eefe63a/patches/hgeometry-combinatorial-0.14.patch#L140)

   - [Add `Functor (These a)` instance in aura](https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/head.hackage/-/blob/8fa2a74d736914a28d1fefbba21cd5325eefe63a/patches/aura-3.2.9.patch#L44)

   - [Add `Functor (SPForest r)` instance in ForestStructures moving the definition of second](https://github.com/choener/ForestStructures/pull/2/files)

# PR template

Here is a template for (1), which you can use when raising PRs against affected libraries.

> Title: Add Functor instance for _
>

> > CLC has approved the proposal to make Functor a quantified superclass of Bifunctor
> > classes
> > (https://github.com/haskell/core-libraries-committee/issues/91#). For
> > example, `forall a. Functor (f a)` is now a superclass of `Bifunctor f`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> CLC has approved the proposal to make Functor a quantified superclass of Bifunctor
> class
> (https://github.com/haskell/core-libraries-committee/issues/91): 
> `forall a. Functor (f a)` is now a superclass of `Bifunctor f`.
```
